Add optimize and quantize command CLI (#700)
huggingface/optimum: docs/source/onnxruntime/usage_guides/quantization.mdx

</Tip>

## Quantizing a model to be used with Optimum's CLI

> The Optimum ONNXRuntime quantization can be used through Optimum command-line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Optimum ONNX Runtime quantization tool can be used through Optimum command-line interface:
```

```bash
optimum-cli onnxruntime quantize --help
usage: optimum-cli <command> [<args>] onnxruntime quantize [-h] --onnx_model ONNX_MODEL [-o OUTPUT] (--arm64 | --avx2 | --avx512 | --avx512_vnni | --tensorrt)

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --arm64               Quantization for the ARM64 architecture.
  --avx2                Quantization with AVX-2 instructions.
  --avx512              Quantization with AVX-512 instructions.
  --avx512_vnni         Quantization with AVX-512 and VNNI instructions.

>   --tensorrt            Quantization for NVIDIA TensorRT optimizer.

Reviewer: Add `--config` details here
